docs: add getting started guide to readme (#1094)
ory/keto: README.md

or use the Ory CLI to try out Ory Keto:

```sh
# This example works best in Bash
bash <(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ory/meta/master/install.sh) -b . ory
sudo mv ./ory /usr/local/bin/

# Or with Homebrew installed
brew install ory/tap/cli
```

create a new project (you may also use
[Docker](https://www.ory.sh/docs/keto/install))

```sh
ory create project --name "Ory Keto Example"
export project_id="{set to the id from output}"
```

and follow the quick & easy steps below.

## Create a namespace with the Ory Permission Language

```sh
# Write a simple configuration with one namespace
echo "class Document implements Namespace {}" > config.ts

# Apply that configuration
ory patch opl --project $project_id -f file://./config.ts

# Create a relationship that grants tom access to a document
echo "Document:secret#read@tom" \
  | ory parse relation-tuples --project=$project_id --format=json - \
  | ory create relation-tuples --project=$project_id -

# List all relationships
ory list relation-tuples --project=$project_id
# Output:
#   NAMESPACE	OBJECT	RELATION NAME	SUBJECT	
#   Document	secret	read		tom	
#   		
#   NEXT PAGE TOKEN		
#   IS LAST PAGE	true	
```

> Now, check out your project on the [Ory Network](https://console.ory.sh/) or continue with a [more in-depth guide](https://docs-625jcnztc-ory.vercel.app/docs/keto/quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, check out your project on the [Ory Network](https://console.ory.sh/) or continue with a [more in-depth guide](https://www.ory.sh/docs/keto/quickstart).
```
